README.md, before:

﻿# minecraft-measurement-mod [![Build on GitHub](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
![Logo](./src/main/resources/assets/mmm/textures/mmm_logo.png)

The Minecraft Measurement Mod allows the terrain to be measured from the player's perspective. Various measuring devices, such as LiDAR sensors, can be simulated. The measurement data can be saved externally.

## Example
This example shows a LiDAR with a horizontal and vertical field of view of 60° and a resolution of 240x240 scans running at 1Hz.

![LiDAR 60x60](./media/60x60_lidar.png)


![LiDAR 60x60 Result](./media/60x60_lidar_res.png)

![LiDAR 60x60 Raw Data](./media/60x60_lidar_save.png)



## Setup
The recommended Minecraft version is `1.20.*`.
1. Download and install [Minecraft Forge](https://files.minecraftforge.net/net/minecraftforge/forge/)
2. Download a release of the [Minecraft Measurement Mod](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/releases) that fits your Minecraft version
3. Put the `.jar` file of the Minecraft Measurement Mod in your `mods` folder in `.minecraft` (usually located here: `C:\Users\<userName>\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft`)
4. Run the game

## Usage
tba

Commit message:

changed file-ending to lowercase

README.md, after:

﻿# minecraft-measurement-mod [![Build on GitHub](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/actions/workflows/gradle.yml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/actions/workflows/gradle.yml)
![Logo](./src/main/resources/assets/mmm/textures/mmm_logo.png)

The Minecraft Measurement Mod allows the terrain to be measured from the player's perspective. Various measuring devices, such as LiDAR sensors, can be simulated. The measurement data can be saved externally.

## Example
This example shows a LiDAR with a horizontal and vertical field of view of 60° and a resolution of 240x240 scans running at 1Hz.

MMM in-game config for **lidar1**:
![LiDAR 60x60](./media/60x60_lidar.png)

CSV file for **lidar1**:
![LiDAR 60x60 Raw Data](./media/60x60_lidar_save.png)

POV view vs. point cloud render of **lidar1**:
![LiDAR 60x60 Result](./media/60x60_lidar_res.png)


## Setup
The recommended Minecraft version is `1.20.*`.
1. Download and install [Minecraft Forge](https://files.minecraftforge.net/net/minecraftforge/forge/)
2. Download a release of the [Minecraft Measurement Mod](https://github.com/BaderTim/minecraft-measurement-mod/releases) that fits your Minecraft version
3. Put the `.jar` file of the Minecraft Measurement Mod in your `mods` folder in `.minecraft` (usually located here: `C:\Users\<userName>\AppData\Roaming\.minecraft`)
4. Run the game

## Usage
tba
